Hi Mary, so tomorrow I have an interview
and I'm pretty sure they're gonna ask me about the criminal record.
I just feel awkward about it. I just really wish it wouldn't come up.
I understand your concern,
but the employer does have the right to ask this question,
and he will expect an explanation.
I feel it's better to have a positive mindset.
Listen John, you're not the first person with a criminal record
that this employer has had to work with.
You don't need to feel embarrassed or awkward or defensive.
If you stay positive, and you welcome the question,
I think you're going to have a better outcome.
That makes a lot of sense. I know it's important to stay positive.
Can you help me present myself in the best possible way?
Absolutely.